docs(techniques/authentication): add refresh-token implementation steps (#1468)
nestjs/docs.nestjs.com: content/techniques/authentication.md

We've followed the recipe described earlier for all Passport strategies. In our use case with passport-local, there are no configuration options, so our constructor simply calls `super()`, without an options object.

> > info **Hint** We can pass an options object in the call to `super()` to customize the behavior of the passport strategy. In this example, the passport-local strategy by default expects properties called `username` and `password` in the request body. Pass an options object to specify different property names, for example: `super({{ '{' }} usernameField: 'email' {{ '}' }})`. See the [Passport documentation](http://www.passportjs.org/docs/configure/) for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> info **Hint** We can pass an options object in the call to `super()` to customize the behavior of the passport strategy. In this example, the passport-local strategy by default expects properties called `username` and `password` in the request body. Pass an options object to specify different property names, for example: `super({{ '{' }} usernameField: 'email' {{ '}' }})`. See the [Passport documentation](https://passportjs.org/docs/configure) for more information.
```

Then, you refer to this via a decorator like `@UseGuards(AuthGuard('myjwt'))`.

#### Refresh-Token Functionality

> When the JWT strategy is in play, the token will expire within a short time frame and the user will have to re-enter authentication details to generate a new JWT. Instead, the user can be sent a refresh-token together with a JWT at the time of authentication. This refresh-token would preferably have a different secret and a longer expiration time.

Reviewer 2: 👍

> Since the refresh-token is generated at the same time as the JWT follwing a similar mechanism, it's convenint to keep this within the AuthModule.

Reviewer 3: Small typo, `convenint` should be `convenient`

> Since the refresh-token is generated at the same time as the JWT follwing a similar mechanism, it's convenint to keep this within the AuthModule.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Since the refresh-token is generated at the same time as the JWT following a similar mechanism, it's convenient to keep this within the `AuthModule`.
```
